you should definitely go out with this
guy yeah doesn't do anything for me
Monica last Saturday night what happened
on Walker Texas Ranger well um
Walker was looking for this big busload
of kids all right I get your point all
right hey you know I forgot the
combination of this about a year ago I
just carry it around any chapstick uh
yeah hey how are those tapes working out
for you you know we're pretty good good
I haven't smoked yet today I feel great
and confident that is a stunning blouse
thank you came on let's give Pete a
chance come on he was funny he seems
really nice and that chick thing was
adorable
Oh check ting as a joke this customer at
work who has a crush on me gave me a
$20,000 tip his numbers on the cheque he
just did it so I'd call Pete Becker Pete
is this him that's Bill Clinton who's he
hugging oh my god that's Pete what why
is Bill hugging Pete this guy imbedded
Moss 865 every office in the world uses
that program we use it there you go
my god Monica's gonna go out with a
millionaire I'm not gonna go out with
him oh my god I can't believe this is a
real $20,000 Jericho this is just so
exciting or incredibly offensive well
yeah sure that
what that's great but could we make it
smaller could we make it fit on the head
of a pin I love when we make things fit
on the head of a pin
got it you have a Miss Monica Geller
here uh absolutely yes enter in hi what
the hell is this hey I'm for a sec I'll
talk to you in the morning
you got it I'm sorry what seriously what
is this supposed to mean well you know I
never know how much to tip you're
supposed to double the tax not double
the tax of Romania hey what was the deal
are you trying to buy me is this the way
you get girls to go out with you um I'm
still here
you're taking this all wrong because if
I don't leave you that tip you want to
come down here we won't be having this
argument and there won't be this I heat
between us what come on you got to admit
that our relationship is a is hitting a
new level now cuz he used to be like a
chef and I was the customer but now
we're like this this couple that fights
okay you're alone forget the check okay
I like you I think you're great
come on what do you say no no why not
cuz I don't want to encourage this kind
of behavior one meal that's all I'm
asking for please we go out we eat and
if you don't have a good time I'll give
you 10 grand we call it even
oh my god the millionaire's here oh my
god
guys please I'm just gonna have dinner
with him okay okay okay just because he
buys you dinner does not mean you owe
him anything
no okay then get the lobster
Hey all right hey hey how much cash you
got in your pocket right now and that's
why I'm not inviting you in for a drink
where do you want to go you like pizza
oh that sounds great
I know a great little place bigger bean
safai that's more your day you're not
paying for the pizza oh come on it's
only fair you paid for the flight
is that enough lira I throw another
thousand on that well how much is that
that's about 60 cents